(DOCSP-39162): Swift: Change baseURL during runtime (#3238)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/swift/app-services/connect-to-app-services-backend.txt

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/code/start/RealmApp.snippet.app-config-sync-timeout.swift
   :language: swift

.. _swift-connect-to-specific-server:

Connect to a Specific Server
----------------------------

By default, Atlas Device SDK connects to Atlas using the global ``baseURL``
of ``https://services.cloud.mongodb.com``. In some cases, you may want to
connect to a different server:

- Your App Services App uses :ref:`local deployment <local-deployment>`, and 

>   you want to connect directly to a local ``baseURL`` in your region

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  you want to connect directly to a local ``baseURL`` in your region.
```
Nit

> - You want to connect to an :ref:`Edge Server instance <edge-server-connect-from-client>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You want to connect to an :ref:`Edge Server instance <edge-server-connect-from-client>`.
```
Nit

You can specify a ``baseURL`` in the 
:swift-sdk:`AppConfiguration <Extensions/AppConfiguration.html>`:

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/code/start/RealmApp.snippet.custom-base-url.swift
   :language: swift

Connect to a Different Server During Runtime
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. versionadded:: 10.50.0

In some cases, you might want to change the ``baseURL`` while the app is
running. For example, you might want to roam between Edge Servers, or
move from an App Services connection to an Edge Server connection. To change
the ``baseURL`` during runtime, call the ``app.updateBaseUrl(to: )`` method:

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/code/start/RealmApp.snippet.change-base-url.swift
   :language: swift

This API is experimental, so you must use the experimental import in the file
where you want to use this API:

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/code/start/RealmApp.snippet.import-experimental.swift
   :language: swift

If you want to change the ``baseURL`` after you have logged in a user and
have opened a synced database, the app must perform a 
:ref:`client reset <ios-client-reset>`. Perform these steps in your code:

> 1. :ref:`Pause the Sync session <swift-suspend-sync-session>`
> 2. Update the ``baseURL`` by calling the ``app.updateBaseUrl(to: )`` method
> 3. Go through the authentication flow again to log in the user through the
>    new ``baseURL``
> 4. Open a synced database pulling data from the new server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. :ref:`Pause the Sync session <swift-suspend-sync-session>`.
2. Update the ``baseURL`` by calling the ``app.updateBaseUrl(to: )`` method.
3. Authenticate and log the user in again with the new ``baseURL``.
4. Open a synced database pulling data from the new server.
```
Period nits and third step reword for conciseness.
